pages/cloudflare/bindings.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

### Bindings

[Bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) allow your Worker to interact with resources on the Cloudflare Developer Platform. When you declare a binding on your Worker, you grant it a specific capability, such as being able to read and write files to an [R2](https://developers.cloudflare.com/r2/) bucket.

#### How to configure your Next.js app so it can access bindings

Install [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare), and then add a [wrangler configuration file](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/) in the root directory of your Next.js app, as described in [Get Started](/cloudflare/get-started#3-create-a-wranglerjson-file).

#### How to access bindings in your Next.js app

You can access [bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) from any route of your Next.js app via `getCloudflareContext`:

```js
import { getCloudflareContext } from "@opennextjs/cloudflare";

export async function GET(request) {
  const myKv = getCloudflareContext().env.MY_KV_NAMESPACE;
  await myKv.put("foo", "bar");
  const foo = await myKv.get("foo");

  return new Response(foo);
}
```

<Callout type='info'>
	`getCloudflareContext` can only be used in SSG routes in "async mode" (making it return a promise), to run the function in such a way simply provide an options argument with `async` set to `true`:
	```js
	const context = await getCloudflareContext({ async: true });
	```

    **WARNING**: During SSG caution is advised since secrets (stored in `.dev.vars` files) and local development
    values from bindings (like values saved in a local KV) will be used for the pages static generation.

</Callout>

#### How to add bindings to your Worker

Add bindings to your Worker by adding them to your [wrangler configuration file](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/).

## TypeScript type declarations for bindings

To ensure that the `env` object from `getCloudflareContext().env` above has accurate TypeScript types, run the following Wrangler command to [generate types that match your Worker's configuration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/languages/typescript/#generate-types-that-match-your-workers-configuration-experimental):

```
npx wrangler types --env-interface CloudflareEnv
```

This will generate a `d.ts` file and save it to `worker-configuration.d.ts`.

To ensure that your types are always up-to-date, make sure to run `wrangler types --env-interface CloudflareEnv` after any changes to your config file.

## Other Cloudflare APIs (`cf`, `ctx`)

You can access context about the incoming request from the [`cf` object](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/request/#the-cf-property-requestinitcfproperties), as well as lifecycle methods from the [`ctx` object](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/context) from the return value of [`getCloudflareContext()`](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/blob/main/packages/cloudflare/src/api/cloudflare-context.ts):

```js
import { getCloudflareContext } from "@opennextjs/cloudflare";

export async function GET(request) {
  const { env, cf, ctx } = getCloudflareContext();

  // ...
}
```

Commit message:

add a section about local access in the Cloudflare bindings documentation
add a section to the Cloudflare bindings documentation, documenting that:
 - bindings can be used both for dev and preview
   (this is already stated in the get started guide but I believe
   that it should also be included in the bindings documentation as well)
 - add information on remote bindings and how people can used them

pages/cloudflare/bindings.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

### Bindings

[Bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) allow your Worker to interact with resources on the Cloudflare Developer Platform. When you declare a binding on your Worker, you grant it a specific capability, such as being able to read and write files to an [R2](https://developers.cloudflare.com/r2/) bucket.

#### How to configure your Next.js app so it can access bindings

Install [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare), and then add a [wrangler configuration file](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/) in the root directory of your Next.js app, as described in [Get Started](/cloudflare/get-started#3-create-a-wranglerjson-file).

#### How to access bindings in your Next.js app

You can access [bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/) from any route of your Next.js app via `getCloudflareContext`:

```js
import { getCloudflareContext } from "@opennextjs/cloudflare";

export async function GET(request) {
  const myKv = getCloudflareContext().env.MY_KV_NAMESPACE;
  await myKv.put("foo", "bar");
  const foo = await myKv.get("foo");

  return new Response(foo);
}
```

<Callout type='info'>
	`getCloudflareContext` can only be used in SSG routes in "async mode" (making it return a promise), to run the function in such a way simply provide an options argument with `async` set to `true`:
	```js
	const context = await getCloudflareContext({ async: true });
	```

    **WARNING**: During SSG caution is advised since secrets (stored in `.dev.vars` files) and local development
    values from bindings (like values saved in a local KV) will be used for the pages static generation.

</Callout>

#### How to add bindings to your Worker

Add bindings to your Worker by adding them to your [wrangler configuration file](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/).

## TypeScript type declarations for bindings

To ensure that the `env` object from `getCloudflareContext().env` above has accurate TypeScript types, run the following Wrangler command to [generate types that match your Worker's configuration](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/languages/typescript/#generate-types-that-match-your-workers-configuration-experimental):

```
npx wrangler types --env-interface CloudflareEnv
```

This will generate a `d.ts` file and save it to `worker-configuration.d.ts`.

To ensure that your types are always up-to-date, make sure to run `wrangler types --env-interface CloudflareEnv` after any changes to your config file.

## Local access to bindings

As presented in the [relevant getting started section](/cloudflare/get-started#12-develop-locally) your application can be both developed (`next dev`) and
previewed (`opennextjs-cloudflare preview`) locally, in both cases bindings will be accessible from your application's code.

Such bindings are by default local simulation that mimic the behavior of the actual Cloudflare resources.

### Remote bindings

As mentioned above, by default locally only simulations of the bindings will be used.

However [remote bindings](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) can also be
used, allowing your application code, while still running locally, to connect to real remote resources associated to your
Cloudflare account.

In order to use such remote bindings, since the feature is currently experimental, you'll need to explicitly
enabled it in your `next.config.mjs` file:

```diff
- initOpenNextCloudflareForDev();
+ initOpenNextCloudflareForDev({
+  experimental: { remoteBindings: true }
+ });
```

When the feature is turned on all you then need to do to enable remote mode for any of your bindings
is to set the `experimental_remote` configuration field to `true`, exactly
as documented in the [remote bindings documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings).

## Other Cloudflare APIs (`cf`, `ctx`)

You can access context about the incoming request from the [`cf` object](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/request/#the-cf-property-requestinitcfproperties), as well as lifecycle methods from the [`ctx` object](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/context) from the return value of [`getCloudflareContext()`](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/blob/main/packages/cloudflare/src/api/cloudflare-context.ts):

```js
import { getCloudflareContext } from "@opennextjs/cloudflare";

export async function GET(request) {
  const { env, cf, ctx } = getCloudflareContext();

  // ...
}
```
