pages/cloudflare/cli.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## `opennextjs-cloudflare` CLI

The Cloudflare adapter provides a `opennextjs-cloudflare` CLI to develop, build, and deploy your application. You should not use `wrangler` commands directly unless documented otherwise or if you know what you are doing.

## commands

`opennextjs-cloudflare` support multiple commands, invoked via `opennextjs-cloudflare <command>`.

The currently supported commands are `build`, `populateCache`, `preview`, `deploy`, and `upload`.

You can list the commands by invoking `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare` and get help with a given command by invoking `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare <command> --help`.

Most commands take command specific options (i.e. `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare build --skipNextBuild --noMinify`) and also accept wrangler options (i.e. `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare build --config=/path/to/wrangler.jsonc --env=prod`).

### `build` command

It first builds the Next.js application by invoking the `build` script of the `package.json` - which typically execute `next build`. It then runs the Cloudflare specific build step to update the built files to run on the Cloudflare runtime.

### `populateCache` command

It populates the configured [Open Next cache components](/cloudflare/caching) so that caching works at runtime. It can populate the local bindings (`populateCache local`) used during development on your local machine or the remote bindings (`populateCache remote`) used by the deployed application. Note that this command is implicitly called by the `preview`, `deploy`, and `upload` commands so there is no need to explicitly call `populateCache` when one of those is used.

### `preview` command

It starts by populating the local cache and then launches a local development server (via `wrangler dev`) so that you can preview the application locally.

### `deploy` command

It starts by populating the remote cache and then deploys your application to Cloudflare (via `wrangler deploy`). The application will start serving as soon as it is deployed.

### `upload` command

It starts by populating the remote cache and then uploads a version of your application to Cloudflare (via `wrangler upload`). Note that the application will not automatically be served on uploads. See [Gradual deployments](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/gradual-deployments/) to learn more about how to serve an uploaded version.

Commit message:

docs(cloudflare): Document how to enable R2 cache batch uploads

pages/cloudflare/cli.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## `opennextjs-cloudflare` CLI

The Cloudflare adapter provides a `opennextjs-cloudflare` CLI to develop, build, and deploy your application. You should not use `wrangler` commands directly unless documented otherwise or if you know what you are doing.

## commands

`opennextjs-cloudflare` support multiple commands, invoked via `opennextjs-cloudflare <command>`.

The currently supported commands are `build`, `populateCache`, `preview`, `deploy`, and `upload`.

You can list the commands by invoking `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare` and get help with a given command by invoking `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare <command> --help`.

Most commands take command specific options (i.e. `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare build --skipNextBuild --noMinify`) and also accept wrangler options (i.e. `pnpm opennextjs-cloudflare build --config=/path/to/wrangler.jsonc --env=prod`).

### `build` command

It first builds the Next.js application by invoking the `build` script of the `package.json` - which typically execute `next build`. It then runs the Cloudflare specific build step to update the built files to run on the Cloudflare runtime.

### `populateCache` command

It populates the configured [Open Next cache components](/cloudflare/caching) so that caching works at runtime. It can populate the local bindings (`populateCache local`) used during development on your local machine or the remote bindings (`populateCache remote`) used by the deployed application. Note that this command is implicitly called by the `preview`, `deploy`, and `upload` commands so there is no need to explicitly call `populateCache` when one of those is used.

The `populateCache` command supports R2 batching to speed up the upload of large number of files. To enable R2 batching, you need to create an R2 Account API token as described [in the docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/r2/api/tokens/) and provide the following environment variables:

- `R2_ACCESS_KEY_ID`: The access key ID of the R2 API token
- `R2_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`: The secret access key of the R2 API token
- `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`: The [account ID](https://developers.cloudflare.com/fundamentals/account/find-account-and-zone-ids/#copy-your-account-id) where the R2 bucket is located

### `preview` command

It starts by populating the local cache and then launches a local development server (via `wrangler dev`) so that you can preview the application locally.

### `deploy` command

It starts by populating the remote cache and then deploys your application to Cloudflare (via `wrangler deploy`). The application will start serving as soon as it is deployed.

### `upload` command

It starts by populating the remote cache and then uploads a version of your application to Cloudflare (via `wrangler upload`). Note that the application will not automatically be served on uploads. See [Gradual deployments](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/versions-and-deployments/gradual-deployments/) to learn more about how to serve an uploaded version.
