pages/cloudflare/get-started.mdx, before:

import { SITE } from '../../config';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

### Get Started

#### New apps

To create a new Next.js app, pre-configured to run on Cloudflare using @opennextjs/cloudflare, run:

```
<command>
```

#### Existing Next.js apps

##### 1. Install @cloudflare/next-on-pages

First, install [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare):

```sh
npm install --save-dev @opennextjs/cloudflare
```

##### 2. Add a `wrangler.toml` file

Then, add a [`wrangler.toml`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/) file to the root directory of your Next.js app:

```toml
name = "my-app"
compatibility_date = "2024-07-29"
compatibility_flags = ["nodejs_compat"]
assets = { directory = "public"}
```

`wrangler.toml` is where you configure your Worker and define what resources it can access via [bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/).

##### 3. Update `next.config.mjs`

Next, update the content in your `next.config.mjs` file.

```diff title="next.config.mjs"
+ import { setupDevPlatform } from '@cloudflare/next-on-pages/next-dev';

/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {};

+ if (process.env.NODE_ENV === 'development') {
+   await setupDevPlatform();
+ }

export default nextConfig;
```

These changes allows you to access [bindings](/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/bindings/) in local development.

##### 5. Update `package.json`

Add the following to the scripts field of your `package.json` file:

```json title="package.json"
"build:worker": "cloudflare", TODO
"dev:worker": "wrangler dev --port 8771",
"preview:worker": "npm run build:worker && npm run dev:worker",
"deploy:worker": "npm run build:worker && wrangler deploy"
```

- `npm run build:worker`: Runs the [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) adapter. This first builds your app by running `next build` behind the scenes, and then transforms the build output to a format that you can run locally using [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/), and deploy to Cloudflare.
- `npm run dev:worker`: Takes the output generated by `build:worker` and runs it locally in [workerd](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd), the open-source Workers Runtime, allowing you to run the app locally in the same environment that it will run in production. If you instead run `next dev`, your app will run in Node.js, which is a different JavaScript runtime from the Workers runtime, with differences in behavior and APIs.
- `npm run preview:worker`: Runs `build:worker` and then `preview:worker`, allowing you to quickly preview your app running locally in the Workers runtime, via a single command.
- `npm run deploy`: Builds your app, and then deploys it to Cloudflare

##### 6. Deploy to Cloudflare Workers

Either deploy via the command line:

```sh
npm run deploy
```

Or [connect a Github or Gitlab repository](https://develoers.cloudflare.com/workers/ci-cd/), and Cloudflare will automatically build and deploy each pull request you merge to your production branch.

Commit message:

Callout nodejs_compat instructions more explicitly

pages/cloudflare/get-started.mdx, after:

import { SITE } from '../../config';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

### Get Started

#### New apps

To create a new Next.js app, pre-configured to run on Cloudflare using @opennextjs/cloudflare, run:

```
<command>
```

#### Existing Next.js apps

##### 1. Install @cloudflare/next-on-pages

First, install [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare):

```sh
npm install --save-dev @opennextjs/cloudflare
```

##### 2. Add a `wrangler.toml` file

Then, add a [`wrangler.toml`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/) file to the root directory of your Next.js app:

```toml
name = "my-app"
compatibility_date = "2024-09-23"
compatibility_flags = ["nodejs_compat"]
assets = { directory = "public"}
```

<Callout>
As shown above, you must enable the [`nodejs_compat` compatibility flag](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) *and* set your [compatibility date](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/compatibility-dates/) to `2024-09-23` or later, in order for your Next.js app to work with @opennextjs/cloudflare.
</Callout>

`wrangler.toml` is where you configure your Worker and define what resources it can access via [bindings](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/).

##### 3. Update `next.config.mjs`

Next, update the content in your `next.config.mjs` file.

```diff title="next.config.mjs"
+ import { setupDevPlatform } from '@cloudflare/next-on-pages/next-dev';

/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */
const nextConfig = {};

+ if (process.env.NODE_ENV === 'development') {
+   await setupDevPlatform();
+ }

export default nextConfig;
```

These changes allows you to access [bindings](/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/bindings/) in local development.

##### 5. Update `package.json`

Add the following to the scripts field of your `package.json` file:

```json title="package.json"
"build:worker": "cloudflare", TODO
"dev:worker": "wrangler dev --port 8771",
"preview:worker": "npm run build:worker && npm run dev:worker",
"deploy:worker": "npm run build:worker && wrangler deploy"
```

- `npm run build:worker`: Runs the [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) adapter. This first builds your app by running `next build` behind the scenes, and then transforms the build output to a format that you can run locally using [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/), and deploy to Cloudflare.
- `npm run dev:worker`: Takes the output generated by `build:worker` and runs it locally in [workerd](https://github.com/cloudflare/workerd), the open-source Workers Runtime, allowing you to run the app locally in the same environment that it will run in production. If you instead run `next dev`, your app will run in Node.js, which is a different JavaScript runtime from the Workers runtime, with differences in behavior and APIs.
- `npm run preview:worker`: Runs `build:worker` and then `preview:worker`, allowing you to quickly preview your app running locally in the Workers runtime, via a single command.
- `npm run deploy`: Builds your app, and then deploys it to Cloudflare

##### 6. Deploy to Cloudflare Workers

Either deploy via the command line:

```sh
npm run deploy
```

Or [connect a Github or Gitlab repository](https://develoers.cloudflare.com/workers/ci-cd/), and Cloudflare will automatically build and deploy each pull request you merge to your production branch.
