pages/cloudflare/index.mdx, before:

import { SITE } from '../../config';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

## Cloudflare

The [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) adapter lets you deploy Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers) using the [Node.js "runtime" from Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes).

<Callout>
[`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) is pre 1.0, and still in active development. You should try it, [report bugs](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/issues), [share feedback](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/discussions), and contribute code to help make running Next.js apps on Cloudflare easier. We don't quite yet recommend using it for mission-critical production apps.

You can also use [`@cloudflare/next-on-pages`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cloudflare/next-on-pages) to deploy Next.js apps to Cloudflare Pages. You can review the differences in supported Next.js features below and by reviewing [the docs for `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/supported-features/), and understand the differences between Workers and Pages [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/compatibility-matrix/).

</Callout>

### Get Started

##### New apps

To create a new Next.js app, pre-configured to run on Cloudflare using @opennextjs/cloudflare, run:

```
npm create cloudflare@latest -- my-next-app --framework=next --experimental
```

##### Existing Next.js apps

Follow the guide [here](/cloudflare/get-started) to use [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) with an existing Next.js app.

### Supported Next.js runtimes

Next.js has [two "runtimes"](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes) — "Edge" and "Node.js". When you use `@opennextjs/cloudflare`, your app should use the Node.js runtime, which is more fully featured, and allows you to use the [Node.js APIs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) that are provided by the Cloudflare Workers runtime.

This is an important difference from `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`, which only supports the "Edge" runtime. The Edge Runtime code in Next.js [intentionally constrains which APIs from Node.js can be used](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/packages/next/src/build/webpack/plugins/middleware-plugin.ts#L820), and the "Edge" runtime does not support all Next.js features.

### Supported Next.js versions

`@opennextjs/cloudflare` is pre 1.0, and still in active development. We intend to support all minor and patch versions of Next.js 14 and 15.

To help improve compatibility, we encourage you to [report bugs](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/issues) and contribute code!

### Supported Next.js features

Some Next.js features are not yet supported are not fully tested.
We will update the list as we progress towards releasing 1.0.

- [x] [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app)
- [x] [Route Handlers](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/route-handlers)
- [x] [Dynamic routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/dynamic-routes)
- [x] [Static Site Generation (SSG)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#static-rendering-default)
- [x] [Server-Side Rendering (SSR)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components)
- [x] [Middleware](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware)
- [x] [Image optimization](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/images) (you can integrate Cloudflare Images with Next.js by following [this guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/transform-images/integrate-with-frameworks/))
- [ ] [Pages Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages) (you should use the App Router instead, which was introduced in Next.js 13)
- [ ] [Incremental Static Regeneration (ISR)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration)
- [ ] [Partial Prerendering (PPR)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/partial-prerendering)
- [ ] [Experimental streaming support](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-15-rc#executing-code-after-a-response-with-nextafter-experimental)

We welcome both contributions and feedback!

### How @opennextjs/cloudflare Works

The OpenNext Cloudflare adapter works by taking the Next.js build output and transforming it, so that it can run in Cloudflare Workers.

When you add [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) as a dependency to your Next.js app, and then run `npx opennextjs-cloudflare` the adapter first builds your app by running the `build` script in your `package.json`, and then transforms the build output to a format that you can run locally using [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/), and deploy to Cloudflare.

You can view the code for @opennextjs/cloudflare [here](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/blob/main/packages/cloudflare/src) to understand what it does under the hood.

Commit message:

add warnings in the aws and cloudflare docs regarding the limited windows support

pages/cloudflare/index.mdx, after:

import { SITE } from '../../config';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

## Cloudflare

The [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) adapter lets you deploy Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers) using the [Node.js "runtime" from Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes).

<Callout>
[`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) is pre 1.0, and still in active development. You should try it, [report bugs](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/issues), [share feedback](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/discussions), and contribute code to help make running Next.js apps on Cloudflare easier. We don't quite yet recommend using it for mission-critical production apps.

You can also use [`@cloudflare/next-on-pages`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@cloudflare/next-on-pages) to deploy Next.js apps to Cloudflare Pages. You can review the differences in supported Next.js features below and by reviewing [the docs for `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/ssr/supported-features/), and understand the differences between Workers and Pages [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/compatibility-matrix/).

</Callout>

### Get Started

##### New apps

To create a new Next.js app, pre-configured to run on Cloudflare using @opennextjs/cloudflare, run:

```
npm create cloudflare@latest -- my-next-app --framework=next --experimental
```

##### Existing Next.js apps

Follow the guide [here](/cloudflare/get-started) to use [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) with an existing Next.js app.

### Supported Next.js runtimes

Next.js has [two "runtimes"](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/edge-and-nodejs-runtimes) — "Edge" and "Node.js". When you use `@opennextjs/cloudflare`, your app should use the Node.js runtime, which is more fully featured, and allows you to use the [Node.js APIs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) that are provided by the Cloudflare Workers runtime.

This is an important difference from `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`, which only supports the "Edge" runtime. The Edge Runtime code in Next.js [intentionally constrains which APIs from Node.js can be used](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/packages/next/src/build/webpack/plugins/middleware-plugin.ts#L820), and the "Edge" runtime does not support all Next.js features.

### Supported Next.js versions

`@opennextjs/cloudflare` is pre 1.0, and still in active development. We intend to support all minor and patch versions of Next.js 14 and 15.

To help improve compatibility, we encourage you to [report bugs](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/issues) and contribute code!

### Supported Next.js features

Some Next.js features are not yet supported are not fully tested.
We will update the list as we progress towards releasing 1.0.

- [x] [App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app)
- [x] [Route Handlers](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/route-handlers)
- [x] [Dynamic routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/dynamic-routes)
- [x] [Static Site Generation (SSG)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components#static-rendering-default)
- [x] [Server-Side Rendering (SSR)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/server-components)
- [x] [Middleware](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/middleware)
- [x] [Image optimization](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/images) (you can integrate Cloudflare Images with Next.js by following [this guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/transform-images/integrate-with-frameworks/))
- [ ] [Pages Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages) (you should use the App Router instead, which was introduced in Next.js 13)
- [ ] [Incremental Static Regeneration (ISR)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration)
- [ ] [Partial Prerendering (PPR)](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/rendering/partial-prerendering)
- [ ] [Experimental streaming support](https://nextjs.org/blog/next-15-rc#executing-code-after-a-response-with-nextafter-experimental)

We welcome both contributions and feedback!

### Windows support

The OpenNext Cloudflare can be used on Windows systems but Windows full support is not guaranteed because:
 - historically the Next.js tooling itself has had Windows support issues
   (and OpenNext is built on these tools)
 - the OpenNext team has limited capacity and fully supporting Windows (given the point above)
   has been determined to be a lower priority, thus the effort and testing on Windows is limited

Given the above, you can develop your application under Windows at your own risk. If you don't have an alternative we
recommend running OpenNext using [WSL2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/) or in a Linux Virtual Machine.

### How @opennextjs/cloudflare Works

The OpenNext Cloudflare adapter works by taking the Next.js build output and transforming it, so that it can run in Cloudflare Workers.

When you add [@opennextjs/cloudflare](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) as a dependency to your Next.js app, and then run `npx opennextjs-cloudflare` the adapter first builds your app by running the `build` script in your `package.json`, and then transforms the build output to a format that you can run locally using [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/), and deploy to Cloudflare.

You can view the code for @opennextjs/cloudflare [here](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare/blob/main/packages/cloudflare/src) to understand what it does under the hood.
