pages/cloudflare/perf.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## Performance tips

They are a lot of features and knobs you can tune to improve the performance of your app. This page lists some of the recommend settings.

### General

You should regularly update to the latest available version of [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) to benefit from the latest performance and security updates.

### Caching

Caching can drastically improves the performance of your application by only fetching data / re-generating your pages when they change.

To get the most out of caching, you should start by reading how Next.js implements caching. The ["Caching in Next.js" guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/guides/caching) is a good place to start.

You should then check [how to configure caching](/cloudflare/caching) for the OpenNext adapter. See below for some advice.

#### [Incremental Cache](/cloudflare/caching#incremental-static-regeneration-isr)

You should use the Workers Static Assets based cache if your site is SSG. It is the fastest available option. Note that as Workers Static Assets are read-only, this option can not be used with revalidation.

When your app uses re-validation, use the R2 based store instead. We recommend the following settings to get the best perfomance:

- use regional cache by wrapping the handler into `withRegionalCache(...)`
  - use the `long-lived` mode
  - you should not need to explicitly set `shouldLazilyUpdateOnCacheHit` nor `bypassTagCacheOnCacheHit` as they are set to the most performant mode by default
- setup [automatic cache purge](/cloudflare/caching#automatic-cache-purge)

<Callout type="info">Using KV is not recommended as it is eventually consistent.</Callout>

#### [Tag Cache](/cloudflare/caching#tag-cache-for-on-demand-revalidation)

The Tag should be configured for App-Router based app using `revalidateTag` or `revalidatePath`.

The D1 based tag cache should only be used if your site receives low traffic. The Durable Object based tag cache is the recommend option for most sites. See [the reference guide](/cloudflare/caching#tag-cache-for-on-demand-revalidation) for the available configuration options.

Application using `revalidateTag` exclusively (and not `revalidatePath`) will benefit from using the `withFilter` wrapper with the `softTagFilter` filter.

#### [Static Assets](/cloudflare/caching#static-assets-caching)

You should add a `public/_headers` file to cache the static assets served by your app.

See the [Cloudflare documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/headers/) for a detailed explanation of the default and the syntax.

### Troubleshooting performance

You can profile the code to troubleshoot performance issues.

#### Building unminified code

Code profiles are much easier to read when the code is not minified, you can use the following settings to generate unminified code

**next.config.ts**

```ts
const nextConfig = {
  // ...
  experimental: {
    serverMinification: false,
  },
  webpack: (config) => {
    config.optimization.minimize = false;
    return config;
  },
  compress: false,
};
```

**CLI**

Use the `--noMinify` option when building the app:

```bash
opennextjs-cloudflare build --noMinify
```

#### Record a profile

You should first launch a local version of your application by running

```bash
opennextjs-cloudflare preview
```

Once the app is running, follow [the steps from the Workers doc](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/dev-tools/cpu-usage/) to record a CPU profile.

You can then inspect the profile and check if any particular section of the application is unexpectedly slow.

Commit message:

fixup! multi-workers, minor edits

pages/cloudflare/perf.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## Performance tips

They are a lot of features and knobs you can tune to improve the performance of your app. This page lists some of the recommend settings.

### General

You should regularly update to the latest available version of [`@opennextjs/cloudflare`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@opennextjs/cloudflare) to benefit from the latest performance and security updates.

### Caching

Caching can drastically improves the performance of your application by only fetching data / re-generating your pages when they change.

To get the most out of caching, you should start by reading how Next.js implements caching. The ["Caching in Next.js" guide](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/guides/caching) is a good place to start.

You should then check [how to configure caching](/cloudflare/caching) for the OpenNext adapter. See below for some advice.

#### [Incremental Cache](/cloudflare/caching#incremental-static-regeneration-isr)

The Incremental cache is the store containing all the cached data (i.e. pages, `fetch`, `unstable_cache`).

You should use the Workers Static Assets based cache if your site is SSG. It is the fastest available option. Note that as Workers Static Assets are read-only, this option can not be used with revalidation.

When your app uses re-validation, use the R2 based store instead. We recommend the following settings to get the best perfomance:

- use regional cache by wrapping the handler into `withRegionalCache(...)`
  - use the `long-lived` mode
  - you should not need to explicitly set `shouldLazilyUpdateOnCacheHit` nor `bypassTagCacheOnCacheHit` as they are set to the most performant mode by default
- setup [automatic cache purge](/cloudflare/caching#automatic-cache-purge)

<Callout type="info">Using KV is not recommended as it is eventually consistent.</Callout>

#### [Tag Cache](/cloudflare/caching#tag-cache-for-on-demand-revalidation)

The Tag Cache is not properly a cache. It only stores the timestamp at which tags have been revalidated.

It should be configured for App-Router based app using `revalidateTag` or `revalidatePath`.

The D1 based tag cache should only be used if your site receives low traffic. The Durable Object based tag cache is the recommend option for most sites. See [the reference guide](/cloudflare/caching#tag-cache-for-on-demand-revalidation) for the available configuration options.

Application using `revalidateTag` exclusively (and not `revalidatePath`) will benefit from using the `withFilter` wrapper with the `softTagFilter` filter.

#### [Static Assets](/cloudflare/caching#static-assets-caching)

You should add a `public/_headers` file to cache the static assets served by your app.

See the [Cloudflare documentation](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/headers/) for a detailed explanation of the default and the syntax.

### [Multiple Workers](https://opennext.js.org/cloudflare/howtos/multi-worker)

Deploying the middleware and the main server to distinct Workers can help with performance. As when a page can be retrieved from the cache, the main server can be fully bypassed.

### Troubleshooting performance

You can profile the code to troubleshoot performance issues.

#### Building unminified code

Code profiles are much easier to read when the code is not minified, you can use the following settings to generate unminified code

**next.config.ts**

```ts
const nextConfig = {
  // ...
  experimental: {
    serverMinification: false,
  },
  webpack: (config) => {
    config.optimization.minimize = false;
    return config;
  },
  compress: false,
};
```

**CLI**

Use the `--noMinify` option when building the app:

```bash
opennextjs-cloudflare build --noMinify
```

#### Record a profile

You should first launch a local version of your application by running

```bash
opennextjs-cloudflare preview
```

Once the app is running, follow [the steps from the Workers doc](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/observability/dev-tools/cpu-usage/) to record a CPU profile.

You can then inspect the profile and check if any particular section of the application is unexpectedly slow.
