pages/cloudflare/troubleshooting.mdx, before:

import { SITE } from "../../config";
import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## Troubleshooting

### Trying to deploy to Cloudflare Pages, instead of Cloudflare Workers?

`@opennextjs/cloudflare` is specifically built for deploying Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/)

Cloudflare Workers now support the majority of functionality from Cloudflare Pages, and have features that are not yet supported by Cloudflare Pages. Refer to the [Compatibility Matrix](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/compatibility-matrix/) in the Cloudflare Workers docs.

If you need to deploy to Cloudflare Pages, you can use `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`, and follow the [Cloudflare Pages guides for deploying Next.js apps](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/).

### "Your Worker exceeded the size limit of 3 MiB"

The Cloudflare Account you are deploying to is on the Workers Free plan, which [limits the size of each Worker to 3 MiB](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/limits/#worker-size). When you subscribe to the Workers Paid plan, each Worker can be up to 10 MiB.

### My app fails to build when I import a specific NPM package

First, make sure that the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag is enabled, and your compatibility date is set to on or after "2024-09-23", in your [wrangler configuration file](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/).
Refer to the [Node.js Workers docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) for more details on Node.js support in Cloudflare Workers.

Some NPM packages define multiple exports. For example:

```
"exports": {
    "other": "./src/other.js",
    "node": "./src/node.js",
    "browser": "./src/browser.js",
    "default": "./src/default.js"
},
```

When you use `@opennextjs/cloudflare`, [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/) bundles your code before running it locally, or deploying it to Cloudflare. Wrangler has to choose which export to use, when you import a module. By default, Wrangler, which uses [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io/), handles this in a way that is not compatible with some NPM packages.

You may want to modify how Wrangler resolves multiple exports, such that when you import packages, the `node` export, if present, is used. You can do do by defining the following variables in a `.env` file within the root directory of your Next.js app:

```
WRANGLER_BUILD_CONDITIONS=""
WRANGLER_BUILD_PLATFORM="node"
```

Commit message:

Update troubleshooting.mdx to include common causes of inflated build size
I am all for promoting paid plans especially with such a generous free tier but including some common issues here could be beneficial.

pages/cloudflare/troubleshooting.mdx, after:

import { SITE } from "../../config";
import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## Troubleshooting

### Trying to deploy to Cloudflare Pages, instead of Cloudflare Workers?

`@opennextjs/cloudflare` is specifically built for deploying Next.js apps to [Cloudflare Workers](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/)

Cloudflare Workers now support the majority of functionality from Cloudflare Pages, and have features that are not yet supported by Cloudflare Pages. Refer to the [Compatibility Matrix](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/compatibility-matrix/) in the Cloudflare Workers docs.

If you need to deploy to Cloudflare Pages, you can use `@cloudflare/next-on-pages`, and follow the [Cloudflare Pages guides for deploying Next.js apps](https://developers.cloudflare.com/pages/framework-guides/nextjs/).

### "Your Worker exceeded the size limit of 3 MiB"

The Cloudflare Account you are deploying to is on the Workers Free plan, which [limits the size of each Worker to 3 MiB](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/platform/limits/#worker-size). When you subscribe to the Workers Paid plan, each Worker can be up to 10 MiB.

Some common underlying factors could be:
- [Metadata Icons](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/file-conventions/metadata/app-icons)
- Assets located outside of the public directory

### My app fails to build when I import a specific NPM package

First, make sure that the `nodejs_compat` compatibility flag is enabled, and your compatibility date is set to on or after "2024-09-23", in your [wrangler configuration file](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/configuration/).
Refer to the [Node.js Workers docs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) for more details on Node.js support in Cloudflare Workers.

Some NPM packages define multiple exports. For example:

```
"exports": {
    "other": "./src/other.js",
    "node": "./src/node.js",
    "browser": "./src/browser.js",
    "default": "./src/default.js"
},
```

When you use `@opennextjs/cloudflare`, [Wrangler](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/) bundles your code before running it locally, or deploying it to Cloudflare. Wrangler has to choose which export to use, when you import a module. By default, Wrangler, which uses [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io/), handles this in a way that is not compatible with some NPM packages.

You may want to modify how Wrangler resolves multiple exports, such that when you import packages, the `node` export, if present, is used. You can do do by defining the following variables in a `.env` file within the root directory of your Next.js app:

```
WRANGLER_BUILD_CONDITIONS=""
WRANGLER_BUILD_PLATFORM="node"
```
