pages/aws/index.mdx, before:

import { SITE } from '../../config';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import WindowsSupport from '../../shared/WindowsSupport.mdx';

<Callout>
This docs is for the V3 of OpenNext. If you are looking for the V2 docs, you can find them [here](/aws/v2).

If you're migrating from V2 to V3, you can find the migration guide [here](/aws/migration#from-opennext-v2).

</Callout>

### AWS

---

OpenNext takes the Next.js build output and converts it into packages that can be deployed across a variety of environments.
Natively OpenNext has support for AWS Lambda, [Cloudflare](/cloudflare), and classic Node.js Server.

One notable feature of OpenNext is its ability to split the Next.js output, enabling selective deployment to different targets such as AWS Lambda, Cloudflare Workers, or Amazon ECS. This facilitates a tailored deployment strategy that aligns with the specific needs of your application.

Thanks to this, you could deploy part of your API to ECS, another part to Cloudflare Workers, your SSR routes to another ECS cluster, and your ISR/SSG routes to Lambda.

---

OpenNext AWS is currently maintained by the [SST](https://sst.dev) community; notably, [conico974](https://github.com/conico974) and [khuezy](https://github.com/khuezy).

We need your help keeping it up to date and feature complete. Make sure to [**join us on Discord**](https://discord.gg/opennextjs) and [**star us on GitHub**](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-aws).

---

OpenNext aims to support all Next.js 14 features. Some features are work in progress. Please open a [new issue](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-aws/issues/new) to let us know!

- [x] App & Pages Router
- [x] API routes
- [x] Dynamic routes
- [x] Static site generation (SSG)
- [x] Server-side rendering (SSR)
- [x] [Incremental static regeneration (ISR)](/aws/inner_workings/caching)
- [x] Middleware
- [x] Image optimization
- [x] [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [x] [Running in lambda@edge](/aws/config/simple_example#running-in-lambdaedge)
- [x] [No cold start](/aws/inner_workings/components/warmer)
- [x] Experimental streaming support

---

<Callout type='info'>
    <WindowsSupport />
</Callout>

---

[Get started](/aws/get_started) with deploying your app with OpenNext and your favorite framework.

Commit message:

doc: Composable Caching is not supported yet (#52)

pages/aws/index.mdx, after:

import { SITE } from '../../config';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import WindowsSupport from '../../shared/WindowsSupport.mdx';

<Callout>
This docs is for the V3 of OpenNext. If you are looking for the V2 docs, you can find them [here](/aws/v2).

If you're migrating from V2 to V3, you can find the migration guide [here](/aws/migration#from-opennext-v2).

</Callout>

### AWS

---

OpenNext takes the Next.js build output and converts it into packages that can be deployed across a variety of environments.
Natively OpenNext has support for AWS Lambda, [Cloudflare](/cloudflare), and classic Node.js Server.

One notable feature of OpenNext is its ability to split the Next.js output, enabling selective deployment to different targets such as AWS Lambda, Cloudflare Workers, or Amazon ECS. This facilitates a tailored deployment strategy that aligns with the specific needs of your application.

Thanks to this, you could deploy part of your API to ECS, another part to Cloudflare Workers, your SSR routes to another ECS cluster, and your ISR/SSG routes to Lambda.

---

OpenNext AWS is currently maintained by the [SST](https://sst.dev) community; notably, [conico974](https://github.com/conico974) and [khuezy](https://github.com/khuezy).

We need your help keeping it up to date and feature complete. Make sure to [**join us on Discord**](https://discord.gg/opennextjs) and [**star us on GitHub**](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-aws).

---

OpenNext aims to support all Next.js 15 features. Some features are work in progress. Please open a [new issue](https://github.com/opennextjs/opennextjs-aws/issues/new) to let us know!

- [x] App & Pages Router
- [x] API routes
- [x] Dynamic routes
- [x] Static site generation (SSG)
- [x] Server-side rendering (SSR)
- [x] [Incremental static regeneration (ISR)](/aws/inner_workings/caching)
- [x] Middleware
- [x] Image optimization
- [x] [NextAuth.js](https://next-auth.js.org)
- [x] [Running in lambda@edge](/aws/config/simple_example#running-in-lambdaedge)
- [x] [No cold start](/aws/inner_workings/components/warmer)
- [x] Support for after
- [ ] [Composable Caching](https://nextjs.org/blog/composable-caching) (`'use cache'`) is a Next.js 15 feature and not supported yet.

---

<Callout type='info'>
    <WindowsSupport />
</Callout>

---

[Get started](/aws/get_started) with deploying your app with OpenNext and your favorite framework.
