pages/cloudflare/howtos/skew.mdx, before:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## Skew protection

The Cloudflare adapter has _experimental support_ for skew protection based on [the preview URLs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/previews/).

<Callout type="info">
  Preview URLs are disabled for [Workers that implement a Durable
  Object](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/previews/#limitations). If your app uses
  Durable Objects, they will need to be implemented in a separate Worker.
</Callout>

### How to enable the skew protection

**OpenNext config**

Set `cloudflare.skewProtection.enabled` to `true` to enable skew protection:

```ts
// open-next.config.ts
export default {
  // ...
  cloudflare: {
    skewProtection: {
      enabled: true,
      // Maximum number of previous versions to use.
      // Optional, default to 20.
      maxNumberOfVersions: 20,
      // Age of the oldest version to use (from the last deplyment date)
      // Optional, default to 7 days.
      maxVersionAgeDays: 7,
    },
  },
} satisfies OpenNextConfig;
```

**Wrangler configuration**

The Worker needs to serve the correct version of the app assets. For that it need be be executed before incoming requests are matched against the assets. Set [`run_worker_first`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/binding/#run_worker_first) to `true` in your wrangler configuration to enable this behavior:

```jsonc
// wrangler.jsonc
{
  "name": "my-app",
  // ...
  "assets": {
    "directory": ".open-next/assets",
    "binding": "ASSETS",
    "run_worker_first": true,
  },
  // ...
}
```

**Environment variables**

The following environment variables should be set when the skew protection is used:

- `CF_WORKER_NAME` should be set to the name of the worker, i.e. `my-app` given the config above. If you're using environment, the name of the app should contain your env, i.e. `my-app-<env>`
- `CF_PREVIEW_DOMAIN` is the the subdomain of `workers.dev` where the previews are deployed, i.e. `<version>-<worker_name>.<domain>.workers.dev`
- `CF_WORKERS_SCRIPTS_API_TOKEN` is an API token with the `Workers Scripts:Read` permission
- `CF_ACCOUNT_ID` is the Cloudflare account id where the app is deployed.

Those variables are used to retrieve the past deployments of your application.

**Next config**

You must set a different `deploymentId` in your next config each time your app is deployed. You will get an error if the `deployementId` has already been used by a previous deployment.

The cloudflare adapter exports a `getDeploymentId()` function that can be used to generate a unique deployment id.

```ts
// next.config.ts
import { getDeploymentId } from "@opennextjs/cloudflare";

const nextConfig = {
  // ...
  deploymentId: getDeploymentId(),
};
```

### What you should know

- Because the Worker is configured to run in front of the assets Worker (`run_worker_first`), requesting an asset will count as a request to your Worker
- Requesting an older deployment will generate 2 requests: the request to the latest version and the request to the older version
- It is not currently possible to delete a deployment
- Requests to an older deployment will be a few milli-seconds slower than requests to the latest version of the app
- Request to a deployment older than the `maxNumberOfVersions` or older than `maxVersionAgeDays` will fallback to the current deployment

Commit message:

add note about environment variables in Cloudflare skew protection docs (#171)

pages/cloudflare/howtos/skew.mdx, after:

import { Callout } from "nextra/components";

## Skew protection

The Cloudflare adapter has _experimental support_ for skew protection based on [the preview URLs](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/previews/).

<Callout type="info">
  Preview URLs are disabled for [Workers that implement a Durable
  Object](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/previews/#limitations). If your app uses
  Durable Objects, they will need to be implemented in a separate Worker.
</Callout>

### How to enable the skew protection

**OpenNext config**

Set `cloudflare.skewProtection.enabled` to `true` to enable skew protection:

```ts
// open-next.config.ts
export default {
  // ...
  cloudflare: {
    skewProtection: {
      enabled: true,
      // Maximum number of previous versions to use.
      // Optional, default to 20.
      maxNumberOfVersions: 20,
      // Age of the oldest version to use (from the last deplyment date)
      // Optional, default to 7 days.
      maxVersionAgeDays: 7,
    },
  },
} satisfies OpenNextConfig;
```

**Wrangler configuration**

The Worker needs to serve the correct version of the app assets. For that it need be be executed before incoming requests are matched against the assets. Set [`run_worker_first`](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/static-assets/binding/#run_worker_first) to `true` in your wrangler configuration to enable this behavior:

```jsonc
// wrangler.jsonc
{
  "name": "my-app",
  // ...
  "assets": {
    "directory": ".open-next/assets",
    "binding": "ASSETS",
    "run_worker_first": true,
  },
  // ...
}
```

**Environment variables**

The following environment variables should be set when the skew protection is used:

- `CF_WORKER_NAME` should be set to the name of the worker, i.e. `my-app` given the config above. If you're using environment, the name of the app should contain your env, i.e. `my-app-<env>`
- `CF_PREVIEW_DOMAIN` is the the subdomain of `workers.dev` where the previews are deployed, i.e. `<version>-<worker_name>.<domain>.workers.dev`
- `CF_WORKERS_SCRIPTS_API_TOKEN` is an API token with the `Workers Scripts:Read` permission
- `CF_ACCOUNT_ID` is the Cloudflare account id where the app is deployed.

Those variables are used to retrieve the past deployments of your application.

Note that in this context, environment variables include both your local [Cloudflare environment variables](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/configuration/environment-variables/)
and the process' environment variables. If a variable is set in both places, the process environment variable will take precedence.

**Next config**

You must set a different `deploymentId` in your next config each time your app is deployed. You will get an error if the `deployementId` has already been used by a previous deployment.

The cloudflare adapter exports a `getDeploymentId()` function that can be used to generate a unique deployment id.

```ts
// next.config.ts
import { getDeploymentId } from "@opennextjs/cloudflare";

const nextConfig = {
  // ...
  deploymentId: getDeploymentId(),
};
```

### What you should know

- Because the Worker is configured to run in front of the assets Worker (`run_worker_first`), requesting an asset will count as a request to your Worker
- Requesting an older deployment will generate 2 requests: the request to the latest version and the request to the older version
- It is not currently possible to delete a deployment
- Requests to an older deployment will be a few milli-seconds slower than requests to the latest version of the app
- Request to a deployment older than the `maxNumberOfVersions` or older than `maxVersionAgeDays` will fallback to the current deployment
