pages/index.mdx, before:

import { SITE } from '../config';

# OpenNext

Next.js, unlike Remix, Astro, or the other modern frontends, doesn't have a way to self-host across different platforms. You can run it as a Node.js application. But this doesn't work the same way as it does on Vercel.

---

There have been several attempts to fix this over the years. Broadly falling into two categories; open source framework specific implementations, or closed source product specific implementations.

These can be really hard to maintain separately as Next.js is constantly being updated.

OpenNext is an initiative to bring all these efforts together.

---

OpenNext is currently backed by:

1. [SST](https://sst.dev) community, maintains the [AWS](aws) adapter
2. [Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) team, maintains the [Cloudflare](cloudflare) adapter

If you'd like to join the effort, connect with us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/opennextjs).

---

OpenNext aims to support all Next.js features. And is widely deployed in production across multiple platforms.

[NHS England](https://github.com/nhs-england-tools/terraform-aws-opennext), [Udacity](https://engineering.udacity.com/deploying-next-js-on-the-edge-with-sst-is-sst-the-game-changer-its-claimed-to-be-1f05a0abc27c), [Gymshark UK](https://uk.gymshark.com), [SST](https://sst.dev), [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com)

Commit message:

Netlify Next.js Adapter (#27)
Co-authored-by: Philippe Serhal <philippe.serhal@gmail.com>

pages/index.mdx, after:

import { SITE } from "../config";

# OpenNext

Next.js, unlike Remix, Astro, or the other modern frontends, doesn't have a way to self-host across different platforms. You can run it as a Node.js application. But this doesn't work the same way as it does on Vercel.

---

There have been several attempts to fix this over the years. Broadly falling into two categories; open source framework specific implementations, or closed source product specific implementations.

These can be really hard to maintain separately as Next.js is constantly being updated.

OpenNext is an initiative to bring all these efforts together.

---

OpenNext is currently backed by:

1. [SST](https://sst.dev) community, maintains the [AWS](aws) adapter
2. [Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/) team, maintains the [Cloudflare](cloudflare) adapter
3. [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/) team, maintains the [Netlify](netlify) adapter

If you'd like to join the effort, connect with us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/opennextjs).

---

OpenNext aims to support all Next.js features. And is widely deployed in production across multiple platforms.

[NHS England](https://github.com/nhs-england-tools/terraform-aws-opennext), [Udacity](https://engineering.udacity.com/deploying-next-js-on-the-edge-with-sst-is-sst-the-game-changer-its-claimed-to-be-1f05a0abc27c), [Gymshark UK](https://uk.gymshark.com), [SST](https://sst.dev), [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com)
